Son, look at his wife
It's too much.
If he seriously injures our spirit axe again
I'll go even further.
You treat your mother-in-law like this
You are going to be struck by lightning
Being struck by lightning is disrespectful
Open mouth
It's you who should be struck by lightning
I'll say it again.
If he seriously injures our spirit axe again
I promise.
Let your Song family not see the sun tomorrow
No, keep going like this
If he really divorced me
I won't get a penny
Mom
Apologize to Miss Lin Yi
Changjing, mother worked hard to raise you
That's how you treat your mother
You really want to ruin your son's future
I am a talisman
Can he starve to death without our Song family?
Then if it wasn't for the beggar, you wouldn't apologize again
I cut off the mother-son relationship with you